[How-tos] Remove step numbers in how-to docs (#2542)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/bindings/howto-bindings.md

}
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

Invoke the output bindings endpoint on a running Dapr instance.

You can also invoke the output bindings endpoint using HTTP:

```bash
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' http://localhost:3601/v1.0/bindings/checkout -d '{ "data": 100, "operation": "create" }'
```

As seen above:

1. The example invoked the `/binding` endpoint with `checkout`, the name of the binding to invoke.
1. The payload goes inside the mandatory `data` field, and can be any JSON serializable value.

> 1. The `operation` field tells the binding what it needs to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `operation` field tells the binding what action it needs to take. For example the Kafka binding supports the `create` operation
```
For create above ^^ then add a link to https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/kafka/#binding-support

> You can check [which operations are supported for every output binding]({{< ref supported-bindings >}}).

Reviewer: Each operation is still specific to each component that you need to look at.
